there is a car restoration series that
is guaranteed to brighten up your day
probably the smile on his face
absolutely amazing
where the cars are more than just
polished pristine classics he adores
that car more than anything these are
cars that mean the world to their owners
the kids grew up with it rather they
want to get rid of it you know but
sometimes when life has taken a turn for
the worst the TL seal most much-loved
motors dries up and the cars a left to
rot my biggest fear was that he would
never ever get to see that car finish
that is when the car SOS team steps in
secretly stealing away cars that look
like this and transforming them into
cars that look like this then returning
them to their unsuspecting but most
deserving owners that's whether I am
going to finish it or deep down and out
but if they could do it let's just agree
to restore a logo go left so meet the
team who make the people's dreams come
true master mechanic annex Rockstar fuzz
Townsend drop it on the floor we're
gonna brace it right now because that is
bad and parts blagging petrol head TV
Pro Tim sure if there's ever a case for
demonstrating just how much somebody can
fall in love with a car your snow I'm
touching it right here well we've got to
finish this project off yeah in a
whirlwind of sweat steel grease and hard
graft look at this is the world's most
basic engineer they transform those
rusting heaps just be gentle you I love
you
yes into gleaming beauties look at that
Wow the boys don't always see eye to eye
if we paint this car yellow against his
wishes and he hates it all our work has
been a total waste of time we have a
little gamble the deadlines are tight
getting that to the track in 16 hours is
a bit ambitious to say the least it is
all hands on deck but when the cars are
eventually revealed to them astonished
owners said it's awesome this could miss
it it's your car
you'll have a lot run it's Blancas it's
a day they'll never forget you don't
know how much this means to me
you really don't